---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-04-14T20:30:34.071Z'
dateModified: '2016-04-14T20:28:01.835Z'
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-04-14-fa5d7063-a6c4-4b8b-9e25-8281af145042.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: fa5d7063-a6c4-4b8b-9e25-8281af145042/index.html
_type: Article

---
My name is Jueun Hwang, and I'm a producer, editor and videographer. My professional experience includes working for The Red Carpet Bay Area and MBC America as a freelance editor. I've edited show content and produced a number of commercial films for Korean businesses in America.

My primary cameras are the GoPro and Canon 5D DSLR. In some cases, I use both of them together to provide the audience with different feelings and perspectives. My demo reel showcases sections where I weaved the footage from two very different types of cameras into one video with a clear message.

One of the highlights is my footage from the "Sea Otter Classic," the biggest mountain biking festival in North America, where I spent three days on location. In order to capture the unique spirit of the event, I interviewed many participants, and shot everything that I believed would be of interest to my audience.

When I don't have a particular video project from school or work, I just go out and shoot. "Tunitas Creek," and "Bay to Breakers 2015" are two great examples. I think one of the advantages of creating these casual videos is that I can practice and improve my skills, now I know what my strong points are as a multimedia journalist.

My expertise lies in creating a sizzle reel. I know how to keep the audience interested and deliver a strong message by using a fast-paced editing technique.

Throughout the two years of studying at the Academy of Art University, I've been preparing for the opportunity to work as an editor in the U.S.